dashboard/src/locales/README.md, before:

### From Terminal and see changes local

How to check your translations locally? 

You will need [nodejs enviroment](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).

Particular commands you need to write to your terminal

1. Clone repository - `git clone https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery`
2. Checkout on `i18n` branch - `git checkout i18n`
3. Install dependencies packages `yarn`
4. Run local server `yarn serve`
5. Open browser on [http://localhost:9090](http://localhost:9090) 
6. If it is everything runs, that great!
7. Now open in your editor your language .json file which is in `dashboard/src/locales/`, for Spanish i.e. `dashboard/src/locales/es.json`
8. Everytime you hit save, reload page to see your changes live.
9. On the upper right you will see your flag. If you don't see your native language flag, [request us on translators channel](https://t.me/kodadot_translators) , we can add your language!
10. Once you are done, [make pull-request](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)


### Translate from Browser
1. Fork the repository 
2. Go to same path in your repository
3. Choose language and hit edit

![](assets/fork_and_edit.png)

4. Make changes
5. Commit
6. Create pull request to our repository
![](assets/edit_and_commit.png)

We welcome your contribution and you will be historical part of KodaDot NFT contribution! :)

Commit message:

video how to pr from browser

dashboard/src/locales/README.md, after:

### From Terminal and see changes local

How to check your translations locally? 

You will need [nodejs enviroment](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) and [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install).

Particular commands you need to write to your terminal

1. Clone repository - `git clone https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery`
2. Checkout on `i18n` branch - `git checkout i18n`
3. Install dependencies packages `yarn`
4. Run local server `yarn serve`
5. Open browser on [http://localhost:9090](http://localhost:9090) 
6. If it is everything runs, that great!
7. Now open in your editor your language .json file which is in `dashboard/src/locales/`, for Spanish i.e. `dashboard/src/locales/es.json`
8. Everytime you hit save, reload page to see your changes live.
9. On the upper right you will see your flag. If you don't see your native language flag, [request us on translators channel](https://t.me/kodadot_translators) , we can add your language!
10. Once you are done, [make pull-request](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)


### Translate from Browser

We've [made video how to translate from the browser](https://t.me/kodadot_translators/97).

1. Fork the repository 
2. Go to same path in your repository
3. Choose language and hit edit

![](assets/fork_and_edit.png)

4. Make changes
5. Commit
6. Create pull request to our repository
![](assets/edit_and_commit.png)

We welcome your contribution and you will be historical part of KodaDot NFT contribution! :)
