CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to KodaDot: NFT gallery

KodaDot NFT gallery has plan to be community-owned.
We are welcoming community contribution from you.
Take a sneak peak on [good first issues](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/contribute), comment and make PR.
When everything went well, chances that you will be rewarded are high. We might give retro-active bounties where bounty label wasn't present if we like your commit.

**For better coordination, pleasejoin our [Development channel Anteriors on Discord](https://discord.gg/KkctBVQ8kP)**

## Getting started

Before you being:

- Site is powered by **Node.js.** Check to see if you're on the version of **Node.js we support.**
- Please have a read the [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- [Learn how to setup your environment for the first time](FIRST_TIME.md)

### Which issue you should pick?

We working primarly by two metrics. Issues has priorities by labels [p1-p5](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/labels), **p1 means urgent**, **p5 in research mode**. Then we have bounties for issues in range of **$ - $$$$$**.

It's up to you which issue you pick. Our **best advice is to pick issues reflecting your skillset and experience if you want to be part of internal team** if you are interested having continuos payroll from us.

### Open a pull request

When you're done making changes and you'd like to propose them for review, use the pull request template to open your PR (Pull Request) against `main` branch.

### Submit your PR & Get it reviewed

- Once you submit your PR, others from the developers community will review it with you. The first thing you're going to want to do is a [self review](#self-review).
- After that, we may have questions, check back on your PR to keep up with the conversation.
- Did you have an issue, like a merge conflict? Check out our [git tutorial](https://lab.github.com/githubtraining/managing-merge-conflicts) on **how to resolve merge conflicts and other issues.**

### Your PR is merged!

Congratulations! The whole Metaprime & KodaDot community thanks you. ✨

## Rewards

In way to scale our development and operations, we prefer paid trial from start to get know developers more better, how they are fit to the team. More your PRs gets merged to `main` branch, **more-likely you'll be part of inner team.**
On-demand, or part-time contributions are welcome and **will be rewarded in $KSM**

KodaDot has started on [Kusama.network](https://kusama.network), we prefer to pay out for your work in $KSM which is native cryptocurrency of Kusama network, [Polkadot's Canary network](https://polkadot.network) with bearing value.

### Creating your KSM address

To create your KSM address in safely and long-term manner, we reccomend you to get [Polkadot.js wallet browser extension](https://guide.kusama.network/docs/learn-account-generation/#polkadotjs-browser-plugin). You can [learn more about creating KSM address process at official Kusama Guide](https://guide.kusama.network/docs/learn-account-generation/)

### Bounty levels

Our usual pay out structure for bounties is per label on issue. Here is table for overview

|                              $                               |                          $$                           |                                $$$                                |                              $$$$                               |                                         $$$$$                                         |
| :----------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|                            50-100                            |                        150-300                        |                              450-600                              |                           700 - 1000                            |                                         1000+                                         |
| Begginer, few lines, <br /> lot of comments/assistance on PR | Required brain use, <br /> smart solution, autonomous | Complex, delivered new shiny stuff, <br /> did not broke anything | Dedicated, new feature, rework older stuff, quick delivery time | You seems reliable, responsible, we can trust you and you have alignemnt with project |

You can [check recent labels](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/labels)

## Hiring process

After you've **completed few PRs, which we're merged to the upstream `main` branch**, you will be eligible to join our closer team.
We are happy to give you **one-two long-term tasks** to see how good is your talent on complicated, complex and more difficult issues.

Process behind is to see if we **click together as part of team in long-run.**
We are curious _on your character traits, acting and helping out others_, if they have issue with their PR.

From this phase we can guarantee you payroll, that we will private discuss based on your location, skillset, past experience and code quality delivered.

# Learn more about contributing:

## Types of contributions 📝

You can contribute to the GitHub KodaDot & Metaprime content and site in several ways. This repo is a place to discuss and collaborate on [kodadot.xyz](https://kodadot.xyz)!

Our small, but mighty 💪 developer community is maintaining this repo, to preserve our bandwidth, off topic conversations will be closed.

## Dynamics of Pull Requests

Whenever you open PR against our repository, our best reccomendation is to finish quickly, i.e. being merged under 72h since opening/last discussion, if it's not complex issue requiring deeper attention of more members.

### Avoiding stalled PRs

When issue is **converted to draft and you don't reply within 24-48h**, we will close it, unassign you from task to leave room for someone else to finish the PR who has more availibility and codebase understanding.

### 🐞 Issues

Issues are used to track tasks that contributors can help with. If an issue has a triage label, we haven't reviewed it yet and you shouldn't begin work on it.

If you've found something in the content or the website that should be updated, search open issues to see if someone else has reported the same thing. If it's something new, open an issue using a template. We'll use the issue to have a conversation about the problem you want to fix.

### 🛠️ Pull requests

A pull request is a way to suggest changes in our repository.

When we merge those changes, they should be deployed to the live site within 24 hours. 🌍 To learn more about opening a pull request in this repo, see Opening a pull request below.

### ❓ Support

We are a small team working hard to keep up with the documentation demands of a continuously changing product. Unfortunately, we just can't help with support questions in this repository. If you are experiencing a problem with GitHub, unrelated to our documentation, please contact GitHub Support directly. Any issues, discussions, or pull requests opened here requesting support will be given information about how to contact GitHub Support, then closed and locked.

If you're having trouble with your GitHub account, contact Support.

## Issues

Issues are very valuable to this project.

- Ideas are a valuable source of contributions others can make
- Problems show where this project is lacking
- With a question you show where contributors can improve the user experience

Thank you for creating them.

### Labels

Labels can help you find an issue you'd like to help with.

The [help wanted](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) label is for problems or updates that anyone in the community can start working on.
The [good first issue](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) label is for problems or updates we think are ideal for beginners.

## Pull Requests

Pull requests are, a great way to get your ideas into this repository.

When deciding if I merge in a pull request I look at the following things:

### Does it state intent

You should be clear which problem you're trying to solve with your contribution.

For example:

> Add link to code of conduct in README.md

Doesn't tell me anything about why you're doing that

> Add link to code of conduct in README.md because users don't always look in the CONTRIBUTING.md

**Tells me the problem that you have found, and the pull request shows me the action you have taken to solve it.**

$$
### Is it of good quality

* There are no spelling mistakes
* It reads well
* For english language contributions: Has a good score on [Grammarly](https://grammarly.com) or [Hemingway App](http://www.hemingwayapp.com/)

### Reviewing
We (usually the core team, sometimes KodaDot engineers or support too!) review every single PR. The purpose of reviews is to create the best content we can for people who use KodaDot

💛 Reviews are always respectful, acknowledging that everyone did the best possible job with the knowledge they had at the time.

💛 Reviews discuss content, not the person who created it.

💛 Reviews are constructive and start conversation around feedback.

### Self review
You should always review your own PR first.

For content changes, make sure that you:

* Confirm that the changes address every part of the content design plan from your issue (if there are differences, explain them).
* Review the content for technical accuracy.
* Review the entire pull request using the localization checklist.
* Copy-edit the changes for grammar, spelling, and adherence to the style guide.
* Check new or updated Liquid statements to confirm that versioning is correct.
* Check that all of your changes render correctly in staging. Remember, that lists and tables can be tricky.
* If there are any failing checks in your PR, troubleshoot them until they're all passing.

### Pull request template
When you open a pull request, you must fill out the "Ready for review" template before we can review your PR. This template helps reviewers understand your changes and the purpose of your pull request.

# Troubleshooting

### Code quality

We follow what we have in `.eslintrc.js` and you can see warrning and errors by running `yarn lint`. With `yarn lint --fix` you will get auto fixed code.

### Don't have access to push to repository
You need to fork repository, commit change to your repository and [create pull request](https://opensource.com/article/19/7/create-pull-request-github).


### Does it move this repository closer to my vision for the repository

The aim of this repository is:

* To provide a [README](README.md) and assorted documents anyone can copy and paste, into their project
* The content is usable by someone who hasn't written something like this before
* Foster a culture of respect and gratitude in the open source community.

### Does it follow the contributor covenant

This repository has a [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), This repository has a code of conduct, I will remove things that do not respect it.

### Related

Check best [contributing.md](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
$$

Commit message:

UPDATE: Added 'address sharing' and 'balance checking' checking to CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to KodaDot: NFT gallery

KodaDot NFT gallery has plan to be community-owned.
We are welcoming community contribution from you.
Take a sneak peak on [good first issues](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/contribute), comment and make PR.
When everything went well, chances that you will be rewarded are high. We might give retro-active bounties where bounty label wasn't present if we like your commit.

**For better coordination, pleasejoin our [Development channel Anteriors on Discord](https://discord.gg/KkctBVQ8kP)**

## Getting started

Before you being:

- Site is powered by **Node.js.** Check to see if you're on the version of **Node.js we support.**
- Please have a read the [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- [Learn how to setup your environment for the first time](FIRST_TIME.md)

### Which issue you should pick?

We working primarly by two metrics. Issues has priorities by labels [p1-p5](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/labels), **p1 means urgent**, **p5 in research mode**. Then we have bounties for issues in range of **$ - $$$$$**.

It's up to you which issue you pick. Our **best advice is to pick issues reflecting your skillset and experience if you want to be part of internal team** if you are interested having continuos payroll from us.

### Open a pull request

When you're done making changes and you'd like to propose them for review, use the pull request template to open your PR (Pull Request) against `main` branch.

### Submit your PR & Get it reviewed

- Once you submit your PR, others from the developers community will review it with you. The first thing you're going to want to do is a [self review](#self-review).
- After that, we may have questions, check back on your PR to keep up with the conversation.
- Did you have an issue, like a merge conflict? Check out our [git tutorial](https://lab.github.com/githubtraining/managing-merge-conflicts) on **how to resolve merge conflicts and other issues.**

### Your PR is merged!

Congratulations! The whole Metaprime & KodaDot community thanks you. ✨

## Rewards

In way to scale our development and operations, we prefer paid trial from start to get know developers more better, how they are fit to the team. More your PRs gets merged to `main` branch, **more-likely you'll be part of inner team.**
On-demand, or part-time contributions are welcome and **will be rewarded in $KSM**

KodaDot has started on [Kusama.network](https://kusama.network), we prefer to pay out for your work in $KSM which is native cryptocurrency of Kusama network, [Polkadot's Canary network](https://polkadot.network) with bearing value.

### Creating your KSM address

To create your KSM address in safely and long-term manner, we reccomend you to get [Polkadot.js wallet browser extension](https://guide.kusama.network/docs/learn-account-generation/#polkadotjs-browser-plugin). You can [learn more about creating KSM address process at official Kusama Guide](https://guide.kusama.network/docs/learn-account-generation/)

### Sharing your address to receive transfer
After you have created an account, you can visit [your dashboard](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/) to carry out your operations. Kindly navigate to the __accounts section__ using the tab options and select _[accounts](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/accounts)_. Your available accounts will be listed and you can click on the preferred account avatar to copy address. Voilà, you are ready to receive!

### Checking your KSM balance
Check `balances` under your _[accounts](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/accounts)_ dashboard to see that. Because we use KSM, you need to ensure you are on the _Kusuma network_. Check the top-left corner to confirm and ensure your `balance` is in __KSM__. If not, kindly _switch network_ by clicking the avatar on your top-left corner, search and select __KUSAMA__ under _KUSAMA & PARACHAINS_ and `switch` by selecting the __switch__ option at the top-most area of the opened side nav. Your __balances__ will now be in __KSM__.

### Bounty levels

Our usual pay out structure for bounties is per label on issue. Here is table for overview

|                              $                               |                          $$                           |                                $$$                                |                              $$$$                               |                                         $$$$$                                         |
| :----------------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|                            50-100                            |                        150-300                        |                              450-600                              |                           700 - 1000                            |                                         1000+                                         |
| Begginer, few lines, <br /> lot of comments/assistance on PR | Required brain use, <br /> smart solution, autonomous | Complex, delivered new shiny stuff, <br /> did not broke anything | Dedicated, new feature, rework older stuff, quick delivery time | You seems reliable, responsible, we can trust you and you have alignemnt with project |

You can [check recent labels](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/labels)

## Hiring process

After you've **completed few PRs, which we're merged to the upstream `main` branch**, you will be eligible to join our closer team.
We are happy to give you **one-two long-term tasks** to see how good is your talent on complicated, complex and more difficult issues.

Process behind is to see if we **click together as part of team in long-run.**
We are curious _on your character traits, acting and helping out others_, if they have issue with their PR.

From this phase we can guarantee you payroll, that we will private discuss based on your location, skillset, past experience and code quality delivered.

# Learn more about contributing:

## Types of contributions 📝

You can contribute to the GitHub KodaDot & Metaprime content and site in several ways. This repo is a place to discuss and collaborate on [kodadot.xyz](https://kodadot.xyz)!

Our small, but mighty 💪 developer community is maintaining this repo, to preserve our bandwidth, off topic conversations will be closed.

## Dynamics of Pull Requests

Whenever you open PR against our repository, our best reccomendation is to finish quickly, i.e. being merged under 72h since opening/last discussion, if it's not complex issue requiring deeper attention of more members.

### Avoiding stalled PRs

When issue is **converted to draft and you don't reply within 24-48h**, we will close it, unassign you from task to leave room for someone else to finish the PR who has more availibility and codebase understanding.

### 🐞 Issues

Issues are used to track tasks that contributors can help with. If an issue has a triage label, we haven't reviewed it yet and you shouldn't begin work on it.

If you've found something in the content or the website that should be updated, search open issues to see if someone else has reported the same thing. If it's something new, open an issue using a template. We'll use the issue to have a conversation about the problem you want to fix.

### 🛠️ Pull requests

A pull request is a way to suggest changes in our repository.

When we merge those changes, they should be deployed to the live site within 24 hours. 🌍 To learn more about opening a pull request in this repo, see Opening a pull request below.

### ❓ Support

We are a small team working hard to keep up with the documentation demands of a continuously changing product. Unfortunately, we just can't help with support questions in this repository. If you are experiencing a problem with GitHub, unrelated to our documentation, please contact GitHub Support directly. Any issues, discussions, or pull requests opened here requesting support will be given information about how to contact GitHub Support, then closed and locked.

If you're having trouble with your GitHub account, contact Support.

## Issues

Issues are very valuable to this project.

- Ideas are a valuable source of contributions others can make
- Problems show where this project is lacking
- With a question you show where contributors can improve the user experience

Thank you for creating them.

### Labels

Labels can help you find an issue you'd like to help with.

The [help wanted](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) label is for problems or updates that anyone in the community can start working on.
The [good first issue](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22) label is for problems or updates we think are ideal for beginners.

## Pull Requests

Pull requests are, a great way to get your ideas into this repository.

When deciding if I merge in a pull request I look at the following things:

### Does it state intent

You should be clear which problem you're trying to solve with your contribution.

For example:

> Add link to code of conduct in README.md

Doesn't tell me anything about why you're doing that

> Add link to code of conduct in README.md because users don't always look in the CONTRIBUTING.md

**Tells me the problem that you have found, and the pull request shows me the action you have taken to solve it.**

$$
### Is it of good quality

* There are no spelling mistakes
* It reads well
* For english language contributions: Has a good score on [Grammarly](https://grammarly.com) or [Hemingway App](http://www.hemingwayapp.com/)

### Reviewing
We (usually the core team, sometimes KodaDot engineers or support too!) review every single PR. The purpose of reviews is to create the best content we can for people who use KodaDot

💛 Reviews are always respectful, acknowledging that everyone did the best possible job with the knowledge they had at the time.

💛 Reviews discuss content, not the person who created it.

💛 Reviews are constructive and start conversation around feedback.

### Self review
You should always review your own PR first.

For content changes, make sure that you:

* Confirm that the changes address every part of the content design plan from your issue (if there are differences, explain them).
* Review the content for technical accuracy.
* Review the entire pull request using the localization checklist.
* Copy-edit the changes for grammar, spelling, and adherence to the style guide.
* Check new or updated Liquid statements to confirm that versioning is correct.
* Check that all of your changes render correctly in staging. Remember, that lists and tables can be tricky.
* If there are any failing checks in your PR, troubleshoot them until they're all passing.

### Pull request template
When you open a pull request, you must fill out the "Ready for review" template before we can review your PR. This template helps reviewers understand your changes and the purpose of your pull request.

# Troubleshooting

### Code quality

We follow what we have in `.eslintrc.js` and you can see warrning and errors by running `yarn lint`. With `yarn lint --fix` you will get auto fixed code.

### Don't have access to push to repository
You need to fork repository, commit change to your repository and [create pull request](https://opensource.com/article/19/7/create-pull-request-github).


### Does it move this repository closer to my vision for the repository

The aim of this repository is:

* To provide a [README](README.md) and assorted documents anyone can copy and paste, into their project
* The content is usable by someone who hasn't written something like this before
* Foster a culture of respect and gratitude in the open source community.

### Does it follow the contributor covenant

This repository has a [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), This repository has a code of conduct, I will remove things that do not respect it.

### Related

Check best [contributing.md](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
$$
