QA.md, before:

# Hiring Quality Assurance Specialist for KodaDot NFT Gallery

## About

KodaDot, an NFT gallery that aims to be builder-owned and the ultimate public good, is always on the lookout for the best talent to join our growing team. We have a variety of opportunities available, including full-time, part-time, internships, freelance, and temporary gigs.

## Responsibilities

- Ensure the quality and reliability of the KodaDot NFT gallery through thorough testing
- Work closely with the development team to identify, report, and resolve issues in a timely manner
- Collaborate with the community, both in discussion and implementation of new features
- Participate in code reviews, maintaining high code quality standards
- Use various testing methodologies and tools to validate the functionality and performance of the product
- Offload 30% of dev work by checking if specific PRs work as intended, reporting and raising bugs that break UX, identifying missing functionality that was accidentally removed
- Write and update E2E and unit tests (using Vite)
- Communicate with the team in issues to help offload major context switching from devs
- Tech-savvy QA is preferred
- Give "works-for-me" labels on PRs if things work as intended

## Requirements

- Strong proficiency in Node.js and adherence to its supported versions
- Experience with pnpm as a package manager
- Knowledge of Vue.js and familiarity with Vue Language Features (Volar) and Vue VSCode Snippets
- Understanding of KodaDot's tech stack and infrastructure
- Strong communication skills for effective collaboration with the community and team
- Familiarity with KodaDot's coding conventions and recommendations

## Opportunities at KodaDot

- Full-time Quality Assurance Specialist
- Part-time Quality Assurance Specialist
- Quality Assurance Internship

## Qualification for full-time, part-time & paid internships

To be considered for these positions, candidates should have:

- A strong track record on their GitHub profile, showcasing open-source contributions
- Excellent cooperation and coordination skills within a team
- Prior experience in quality assurance, testing methodologies, and tools
- A fast learning curve and the ability to adapt to change requests quickly
- A history of collaborating with development teams to improve product quality

## How to apply?

KodaDot offers paid interviews, valuing your time and contributions. You will be paid for completed pull requests (10-20) that are successfully merged. To start, focus on tackling issues with p1 or p2 labels, as they are often challenging and showcase your abilities. If you have any questions, feel free to [contact damsky](https://t.me/helloitsdamsky) on telegram. 

## Next stage

After completing 10-20 merged pull requests, you may be eligible to join our core team. Contact yangwao on Discord to discuss the next steps and potential long-term tasks.

Our hiring process prioritizes cultural fit and teamwork. We are interested in character traits, problem-solving abilities, and your willingness to help others with their PRs. This approach ensures a strong, long-term team dynamic as our codebase grows in complexity.

## Payroll

Upon joining our team, KodaDot offers competitive pay based on your location, skill set, experience, code quality, and availability. Annual compensation ranges between $40,000 to $160,000.

Are you ready to shape the future of the NFT space with KodaDot? Choose your path, and together, let's make an impact in the NFT gallery world!

Commit message:

Update QA on feedback and add contextual info
I’ve added some key parts from our docs "Quality Assurance" and pushed this further. As from what i see, we need to establish a clear and simple way on how to test out our QAs.

QA.md, after:

# Hiring Quality Assurance Specialist for KodaDot NFT Gallery

## About

KodaDot, an NFT gallery that aims to be builder-owned and the ultimate public good, is always on the lookout for the best talent to join our growing team. We have a variety of opportunities available, including full-time, part-time, internships, freelance, and temporary gigs.

## Responsibilities

- Ensure the quality and reliability of the KodaDot NFT gallery through thorough testing
- Work closely with the development team to identify, report, and resolve issues in a timely manner
- Collaborate with the community, both in discussion and implementation of new features
- Participate in code reviews, maintaining high code quality standards
- Use various testing methodologies and tools to validate the functionality and performance of the product
- Offload 30% of dev work by checking if specific PRs work as intended, reporting and raising bugs that break UX, identifying missing functionality that was accidentally removed
- Write and update E2E and unit tests (using Vite)
- Communicate with the team in issues to help offload major context switching from devs
- Tech-savvy QA is preferred
- Give "works-for-me" labels on PRs if things work as intended

## Requirements

- Strong proficiency in Node.js and adherence to its supported versions
- Experience with pnpm as a package manager
- Knowledge of Vue.js and familiarity with Vue Language Features (Volar) and Vue VSCode Snippets
- Understanding of KodaDot's tech stack and infrastructure
- Strong communication skills for effective collaboration with the community and team
- Familiarity with KodaDot's coding conventions and recommendations

## Quality Assurance

To have a faster pace of development, as our current pace of pull-requests was hitting 250 pull-requests in February on a monthly average, we've realized we need more people to participate and to share more humble and honest feedback with developers on their work.

The result would be that we could deliver user experience quality in a shorter time window. It's pretty natural that developers sometimes miss delivering the 100% specification in an issue or something breaks. It happens, and no need to make drama out of it. Everyone is learning.

Until we have e2e tests complete on KodaDot, we would like to happily reward your participation for your input on our pull-requests to the codebase.

To participate, you must respect our code of conduct below.

## Code of Conduct

- Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
- Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
- Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
- Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes, and learning from the experience
- Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall community
- You can read more about our [CODE_OF_CONDUCT](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

## Rewards

Once we are satisfied with your approach, we can give you rewards for reviewing our pull-requests.

This is still undergoing the thought process and experiment to establish a fixed amount of rewards for participation.

The base range where we value your contribution is around $20-$50. If there is an opportunity for you to be a technical contributor and make origin pull-request suggestions (what and why should be done another way), the possibility raises up to $100.

## Opportunities at KodaDot

- Full-time Quality Assurance Specialist
- Part-time Quality Assurance Specialist
- Quality Assurance Internship

## Qualification for full-time, part-time & paid internships

To be considered for these positions, candidates should have:

- A strong track record on their GitHub profile, showcasing open-source contributions
- Excellent cooperation and coordination skills within a team
- Prior experience in quality assurance, testing methodologies, and tools
- A fast learning curve and the ability to adapt to change requests quickly
- A history of collaborating with development teams to improve product quality

## How to apply?

KodaDot offers paid interviews, valuing your time and contributions. You will be paid for completed pull requests (10-20) that are successfully merged. To start, focus on tackling issues with p1 or p2 labels, as they are often challenging and showcase your abilities.

## Next stage

After completing 10-20 merged pull requests, you may be eligible to join our core team. Contact yangwao on Discord to discuss the next steps and potential long-term tasks.

Our hiring process prioritizes cultural fit and teamwork. We are interested in character traits, problem-solving abilities, and your willingness to help others with their PRs. This approach ensures a strong, long-term team dynamic as our codebase grows in complexity.

## Payroll

Upon joining our team, KodaDot offers competitive pay based on your location, skill set, experience, code quality, and availability. Annual compensation ranges between $40,000 to $160,000.

Are you ready to shape the future of the NFT space with KodaDot? Choose your path, and together, let's make an impact in the NFT gallery world!
