README.md, before:

# NFT Explorer for Kusama & Polkadot & Substrate ecosystem

![](https://github.com/kodadot/kodadot-presskit/blob/main/v3/KODA_v3.png?raw=true)

- Opensea for Polkadot, NFT paraverse of parachains, built as public good.
- [First Time here?](FIRST_TIME.md)

![Darling in the Franxx](https://media.giphy.com/media/10YWqUivkQPeeJWD3u/giphy.gif)

## Coordination for development

[![KodaDot NFT Discord](https://flat.badgen.net/discord/members/35hzy2dXXh)](https://discord.gg/35hzy2dXXh)
[![KodaDot NFT Discord](https://flat.badgen.net/discord/online-members/35hzy2dXXh)](https://discord.gg/35hzy2dXXh)
[![@KodaDot](https://flat.badgen.net/twitter/follow/KodaDot)](https://twitter.com/kodadot)

# Repository Statistics

### Contributors over time to KodaDot

[![Contributors over time](https://contributor-graph-api.apiseven.com/contributors-svg?chart=contributorOverTime&repo=kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://www.apiseven.com/en/contributor-graph?chart=contributorOverTime&repo=kodadot/nft-gallery)

### All Recent Contributors ✨

[Monthly contributors overview](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/pulse/monthly)
[Graph of Contributors](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/graphs/contributors)

<img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=kodadot/nft-gallery" />

Our thanks go to [contributors-img](https://contrib.rocks).

### Amount of Rewards inside

[![Rewards](https://flat.badgen.net/github/label-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery/$/open?scale=2)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%24)
[![Rewards](https://flat.badgen.net/github/label-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery/$$/open?scale=2)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%24%24+)
[![Rewards](https://flat.badgen.net/github/label-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery/$$$/open?scale=2)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%24%24%24+)
[![Rewards](https://flat.badgen.net/github/label-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery/$$$$/open?scale=2)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%24%24%24%24+)
[![Rewards](https://flat.badgen.net/github/label-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery/$$$$$/open?scale=2)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%24%24%24%24%24+)

### Hard facts about KodaDot development

[![GitHub contributors](https://flat.badgen.net/github/contributors/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/graphs/contributors/)
[![GitHub forks](https://flat.badgen.net/github/forks/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/network/)
[![GitHub stars](https://flat.badgen.net/github/stars/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/stargazers/)
[![GitHub watchers](https://flat.badgen.net/github/watchers/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/watchers/)

[![GitHub issues-open](https://flat.badgen.net/github/open-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery?color=blue)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen)
[![GitHub issues-closed](https://flat.badgen.net/github/closed-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/issues?q=is%3Aclosed)
[![GitHub issues](https://flat.badgen.net/github/issues/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues/)

[![GitHub open-pull-requests](https://flat.badgen.net/github/open-prs/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/pulls?q=is%3Aopen)
[![GitHub pull-requests merged](https://flat.badgen.net/github/merged-prs/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/pulls?q=is%3Amerged)
[![GitHub pull-requests closed](https://flat.badgen.net/github/closed-prs/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/pulls?q=is%3Aclosed)
[![GitHub total-pull-requests](https://flat.badgen.net/github/prs/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/pull/)

[![GitHub release](https://flat.badgen.net/github/release/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/releases)
[![GitHub license](https://flat.badgen.net/github/license/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://open.vscode.dev/badges/open-in-vscode.svg)](https://open.vscode.dev/kodadot/nft-gallery)

[![Github last commit](https://flat.badgen.net/github/last-commit/kodadot/nft-gallery/main?color=blue)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/tree/main)

### Static code analysis

[![DeepScan Grade](https://flat.badgen.net/deepscan/grade/team/13903/project/16948/branch/372223?color=blue)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard/#view=project&tid=13903&pid=16948&bid=372223&prid=&subview=overview)
[![DeepScan Issues](https://flat.badgen.net/deepscan/issues/team/13903/project/16948/branch/372223?color=blue&label=DeepScan%20Issues)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard/#view=project&tid=13903&pid=16948&bid=372223&prid=&subview=overview)
[![DeepScan LoC](https://flat.badgen.net/deepscan/lines/team/13903/project/16948/branch/372223?label=DeepScan%20LoC)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard/#view=project&tid=13903&pid=16948&bid=372223&prid=&subview=overview)

[![DeepSource](https://deepsource.io/gh/kodadot/nft-gallery.svg/?label=active+issues&show_trend=true)](https://deepsource.io/gh/kodadot/nft-gallery/?ref=repository-badge)
[![DeepSource](https://deepsource.io/gh/kodadot/nft-gallery.svg/?label=resolved+issues&show_trend=true&token=MyayTJdwd-Fr4mnmUdMUxHik)](https://deepsource.io/gh/kodadot/nft-gallery/?ref=repository-badge)

### Brief code structure

![Visualization of this repo](.github/diagram.svg)
[Interactive visualization](https://octo-repo-visualization.vercel.app/?repo=kodadot%2Fnft-gallery)


<!-- ### Is it maintained? -- I guess if it's not under 10d not worth showing off
[![Average time to resolve an issue](http://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/kodadot/nft-gallery.svg)](http://isitmaintained.com/project/kodadot/nft-gallery "Average time to resolve an issue")
[![Percentage of issues still open](http://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/kodadot/nft-gallery.svg)](http://isitmaintained.com/project/kodadot/nft-gallery "Percentage of issues still open") -->

## Culture-🧫 - where you can read our recent updates

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/KodaDot)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/u6ymnbz4PR)

### Discontinued for now (if you want help us manage these, shout out on Discord)

- [Telegram](https://t.me/kodadot)
- [r/KodaDot](https://www.reddit.com/r/KodaDot/)

## Backlog on progress

- We've [bi-weekly digest, what we call **Meta_Hours**](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/discussions/categories/meta-hours).
- You can [find most recent progress, roadmap, planned features, bug fixes, future ideations](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/discussions/categories/meta-hours).

## Writings-📚 by KodaDot team members

- [KodaDot 2.0 -- Beta](https://medium.com/kodadot/kodadot-2-0-beta-d136f6ff139)
- [We've organized first Dotsama meetup in Lisbon thanks to KodaDot](https://medium.com/kodadot/first-dotsama-meetup-in-lisbon-and-how-the-kodadot-team-helped-to-make-it-real-10b4ca63d0b5)
- [Mass Airdrop and what we've learned](https://medium.com/kodadot/mass-airdrop-and-what-weve-learned-d063efb7c088)
- [Introducing Series Insights](https://medium.com/kodadot/introducing-series-insights-dde52dbadf5d)
- [JPEG summer is over. It's over, right?](https://medium.com/kodadot/jpeg-summer-is-over-its-over-right-e893ca2eeaa9)
- [Hello Kusummer](https://medium.com/kodadot/hello-kusummer-kodadot-edition-faca87753418)
- [Client-first NFT gallery: Technical examination](https://medium.com/kodadot/client-first-nft-gallery-technical-examination-33db09dfdc97)
- [How to Embed your NFT on Kusama through KodaDot](https://medium.com/kodadot/how-to-embed-your-nft-on-kusama-through-kodadot-ee52c2384b0d)
- [Traverse to the prime show](https://medium.com/kodadot/traverse-to-the-prime-show-733d6046d3f5)
- [The First Multilingual NFT Gallery in Polkadot ecosystem running live on Kusama](https://medium.com/kodadot/the-first-multilingual-nft-gallery-in-polkadot-ecosystem-running-live-on-kusama-b8f7566770be)
- [Read our story, how we started.](https://medium.com/kodadot/kodadot-nft-explorer-f2c3a326a856)

## Working version ▶️

- [Explore and Mint NFTs](https://kodadot.xyz/)
- [Beta Channel](https://beta.kodadot.xyz/)

## Roadmap 🛣 🗺

- [Beta](https://github.com/orgs/kodadot/projects/1)
- [XR - KodaVerse](https://github.com/orgs/kodadot/projects/2/views/1)
- [Meta Mobile](https://github.com/orgs/kodadot/projects/3/views/1)

## Development 🏗

- [Contribution is welcome!](CONTRIBUTING.md) and well rewarded in $KSM!

- [How to setup environment for first time and how to run the project.](FIRST_TIME.md)

## I want to contribute- 🙋‍

Your **contribution** is more than welcome.
Please follow our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and **[contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)**

## Support the project ⭐

If you feel awesome and want to support us in a small way, please consider starring and sharing the repo! This helps us to get known and grow the community. 🙏 We will really appreciate that!

## Patronage 💸

We have list of frequent participants in our codebase.
**You can send them $KSM**, native currency we use to payout bounties for **Pull Requests and coordinating issues.**

### Heroes 🦸‍♂️🦸🦸‍♀️

- [RoiLeo](https://kodadot.xyz/transfer/?target=DVYy1qnocE8t6ZvUfPx3rEjG829khNRXx3YrCGVHHj19Lcb)
- [Yangwao](https://kodadot.xyz/transfer/?target=CuHWHNcBt3ASMVSJmcJyiBWGxxiWLyjYoYbGjfhL4ovoeSd)
- [Vikiival](https://kodadot.xyz/transfer/?target=Fksmad33PFxhrQXNYPPJozgWrv82zuFLvXK7Rh8m1xQhe98)
- [Prachi00](https://kodadot.xyz/transfer/?target=EzGc4s9PgCPx1YnF3fqzhLzVHpHMTL4LWPScwpDrR8JKgSU)
- [kkukelka](https://kodadot.xyz/transfer/?target=EqdyzrzVmeHwMdMwvPeCMnNdbuQDbD3YrjY93xq9Ln3jUGW)

### Want to join?

- Want to be on this list? Become frequent participant by contributing more, [come with us](https://open.spotify.com/track/5kTBiVnjq9xKmZL9dNs8zL?si=9fc60b8b87764969)!
- [You can learn about our Contributors base](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/graphs/contributors)
- [KodaDot Documentation](https://docs.kodadot.xyz)

Commit message:

added statemine by kodadot article

README.md, after:

# NFT Explorer for Kusama & Polkadot & Substrate ecosystem

![](https://github.com/kodadot/kodadot-presskit/blob/main/v3/KODA_v3.png?raw=true)

- Opensea for Polkadot, NFT paraverse of parachains, built as public good.
- [First Time here?](FIRST_TIME.md)

![Darling in the Franxx](https://media.giphy.com/media/10YWqUivkQPeeJWD3u/giphy.gif)

## Coordination for development

[![KodaDot NFT Discord](https://flat.badgen.net/discord/members/35hzy2dXXh)](https://discord.gg/35hzy2dXXh)
[![KodaDot NFT Discord](https://flat.badgen.net/discord/online-members/35hzy2dXXh)](https://discord.gg/35hzy2dXXh)
[![@KodaDot](https://flat.badgen.net/twitter/follow/KodaDot)](https://twitter.com/kodadot)

# Repository Statistics

### Contributors over time to KodaDot

[![Contributors over time](https://contributor-graph-api.apiseven.com/contributors-svg?chart=contributorOverTime&repo=kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://www.apiseven.com/en/contributor-graph?chart=contributorOverTime&repo=kodadot/nft-gallery)

### All Recent Contributors ✨

[Monthly contributors overview](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/pulse/monthly)
[Graph of Contributors](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/graphs/contributors)

<img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=kodadot/nft-gallery" />

Our thanks go to [contributors-img](https://contrib.rocks).

### Amount of Rewards inside

[![Rewards](https://flat.badgen.net/github/label-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery/$/open?scale=2)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%24)
[![Rewards](https://flat.badgen.net/github/label-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery/$$/open?scale=2)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%24%24+)
[![Rewards](https://flat.badgen.net/github/label-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery/$$$/open?scale=2)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%24%24%24+)
[![Rewards](https://flat.badgen.net/github/label-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery/$$$$/open?scale=2)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%24%24%24%24+)
[![Rewards](https://flat.badgen.net/github/label-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery/$$$$$/open?scale=2)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%24%24%24%24%24+)

### Hard facts about KodaDot development

[![GitHub contributors](https://flat.badgen.net/github/contributors/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/graphs/contributors/)
[![GitHub forks](https://flat.badgen.net/github/forks/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/network/)
[![GitHub stars](https://flat.badgen.net/github/stars/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/stargazers/)
[![GitHub watchers](https://flat.badgen.net/github/watchers/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/watchers/)

[![GitHub issues-open](https://flat.badgen.net/github/open-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery?color=blue)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues?q=is%3Aopen)
[![GitHub issues-closed](https://flat.badgen.net/github/closed-issues/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/issues?q=is%3Aclosed)
[![GitHub issues](https://flat.badgen.net/github/issues/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/issues/)

[![GitHub open-pull-requests](https://flat.badgen.net/github/open-prs/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/pulls?q=is%3Aopen)
[![GitHub pull-requests merged](https://flat.badgen.net/github/merged-prs/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/pulls?q=is%3Amerged)
[![GitHub pull-requests closed](https://flat.badgen.net/github/closed-prs/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/pulls?q=is%3Aclosed)
[![GitHub total-pull-requests](https://flat.badgen.net/github/prs/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://GitHub.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/pull/)

[![GitHub release](https://flat.badgen.net/github/release/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/releases)
[![GitHub license](https://flat.badgen.net/github/license/kodadot/nft-gallery)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://open.vscode.dev/badges/open-in-vscode.svg)](https://open.vscode.dev/kodadot/nft-gallery)

[![Github last commit](https://flat.badgen.net/github/last-commit/kodadot/nft-gallery/main?color=blue)](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/tree/main)

### Static code analysis

[![DeepScan Grade](https://flat.badgen.net/deepscan/grade/team/13903/project/16948/branch/372223?color=blue)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard/#view=project&tid=13903&pid=16948&bid=372223&prid=&subview=overview)
[![DeepScan Issues](https://flat.badgen.net/deepscan/issues/team/13903/project/16948/branch/372223?color=blue&label=DeepScan%20Issues)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard/#view=project&tid=13903&pid=16948&bid=372223&prid=&subview=overview)
[![DeepScan LoC](https://flat.badgen.net/deepscan/lines/team/13903/project/16948/branch/372223?label=DeepScan%20LoC)](https://deepscan.io/dashboard/#view=project&tid=13903&pid=16948&bid=372223&prid=&subview=overview)

[![DeepSource](https://deepsource.io/gh/kodadot/nft-gallery.svg/?label=active+issues&show_trend=true)](https://deepsource.io/gh/kodadot/nft-gallery/?ref=repository-badge)
[![DeepSource](https://deepsource.io/gh/kodadot/nft-gallery.svg/?label=resolved+issues&show_trend=true&token=MyayTJdwd-Fr4mnmUdMUxHik)](https://deepsource.io/gh/kodadot/nft-gallery/?ref=repository-badge)

### Brief code structure

![Visualization of this repo](.github/diagram.svg)
[Interactive visualization](https://octo-repo-visualization.vercel.app/?repo=kodadot%2Fnft-gallery)


<!-- ### Is it maintained? -- I guess if it's not under 10d not worth showing off
[![Average time to resolve an issue](http://isitmaintained.com/badge/resolution/kodadot/nft-gallery.svg)](http://isitmaintained.com/project/kodadot/nft-gallery "Average time to resolve an issue")
[![Percentage of issues still open](http://isitmaintained.com/badge/open/kodadot/nft-gallery.svg)](http://isitmaintained.com/project/kodadot/nft-gallery "Percentage of issues still open") -->

## Culture-🧫 - where you can read our recent updates

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/KodaDot)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/u6ymnbz4PR)

## Backlog on progress

- We've [bi-weekly digest, what we call **Meta_Hours**](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/discussions/categories/meta-hours).
- You can [find most recent progress, roadmap, planned features, bug fixes, future ideations](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/discussions/categories/meta-hours).

## Writings-📚 by KodaDot team members
- [Wen-Statemine-by-KodaDot](medium.com/kodadot/wen-statemine-by-kodadot-b35ae13b70ff)
- [Road To KodaDot v2](https://medium.com/kodadot/road-to-kodadot-v2-recapping-the-last-chapter-of-2021-9709fb4f3ee7)
- [KodaDot 2.0 -- Beta](https://medium.com/kodadot/kodadot-2-0-beta-d136f6ff139)
- [We've organized first Dotsama meetup in Lisbon thanks to KodaDot](https://medium.com/kodadot/first-dotsama-meetup-in-lisbon-and-how-the-kodadot-team-helped-to-make-it-real-10b4ca63d0b5)
- [Mass Airdrop and what we've learned](https://medium.com/kodadot/mass-airdrop-and-what-weve-learned-d063efb7c088)
- [Introducing Series Insights](https://medium.com/kodadot/introducing-series-insights-dde52dbadf5d)
- [JPEG summer is over. It's over, right?](https://medium.com/kodadot/jpeg-summer-is-over-its-over-right-e893ca2eeaa9)
- [Hello Kusummer](https://medium.com/kodadot/hello-kusummer-kodadot-edition-faca87753418)
- [Client-first NFT gallery: Technical examination](https://medium.com/kodadot/client-first-nft-gallery-technical-examination-33db09dfdc97)
- [How to Embed your NFT on Kusama through KodaDot](https://medium.com/kodadot/how-to-embed-your-nft-on-kusama-through-kodadot-ee52c2384b0d)
- [Traverse to the prime show](https://medium.com/kodadot/traverse-to-the-prime-show-733d6046d3f5)
- [The First Multilingual NFT Gallery in Polkadot ecosystem running live on Kusama](https://medium.com/kodadot/the-first-multilingual-nft-gallery-in-polkadot-ecosystem-running-live-on-kusama-b8f7566770be)
- [Read our story, how we started.](https://medium.com/kodadot/kodadot-nft-explorer-f2c3a326a856)

## Working version ▶️

- [Explore and Mint NFTs](https://kodadot.xyz/)
- [Beta Channel](https://beta.kodadot.xyz/)

## Roadmap 🛣 🗺

- [Beta](https://github.com/orgs/kodadot/projects/1)
- [XR - KodaVerse](https://github.com/orgs/kodadot/projects/2/views/1)
- [Meta Mobile](https://github.com/orgs/kodadot/projects/3/views/1)

## Development 🏗

- [Contribution is welcome!](CONTRIBUTING.md) and well rewarded in $KSM!
- [How to setup environment for first time and how to run the project.](FIRST_TIME.md)

## I want to contribute- 🙋‍

Your **contribution** is more than welcome.
Please follow our [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and **[contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)**

## Support the project ⭐

If you feel awesome and want to support us in a small way, please consider starring and sharing the repo! This helps us to get known and grow the community. 🙏 We will really appreciate that!

## Patronage 💸

We have list of frequent participants in our codebase.
**You can send them $KSM**, native currency we use to payout bounties for **Pull Requests and coordinating issues.**

### Heroes 🦸‍♂️🦸🦸‍♀️

- [RoiLeo](https://kodadot.xyz/transfer/?target=DVYy1qnocE8t6ZvUfPx3rEjG829khNRXx3YrCGVHHj19Lcb)
- [Yangwao](https://kodadot.xyz/transfer/?target=CuHWHNcBt3ASMVSJmcJyiBWGxxiWLyjYoYbGjfhL4ovoeSd)
- [Vikiival](https://kodadot.xyz/transfer/?target=Fksmad33PFxhrQXNYPPJozgWrv82zuFLvXK7Rh8m1xQhe98)
- [Prachi00](https://kodadot.xyz/transfer/?target=EzGc4s9PgCPx1YnF3fqzhLzVHpHMTL4LWPScwpDrR8JKgSU)
- [kkukelka](https://kodadot.xyz/transfer/?target=EqdyzrzVmeHwMdMwvPeCMnNdbuQDbD3YrjY93xq9Ln3jUGW)

### Want to join?

- Want to be on this list? Become frequent participant by contributing more, [come with us](https://open.spotify.com/track/5kTBiVnjq9xKmZL9dNs8zL?si=9fc60b8b87764969)!
- [You can learn about our Contributors base](https://github.com/kodadot/nft-gallery/graphs/contributors)
- [KodaDot Documentation](https://docs.kodadot.xyz)
